hello to everyone at Italease fleeing where
emigrate australia which city ​​to choose
I state that I live in melbourne I know
a bit similar for having worked there not
lived only worked
I want to clarify I also visited though
I've never visited on the brisbane airline
tasmania etc. and so on
so my vision is relatively
reduced but obviously living here
talking to other people who have
lived in other cities there was etcetera
I can share what I think
are the important things to take in
consideration the main thing
I think that Australian cities do
they look a lot more like each other
compared to the differences they can
being there are all islands inside
of Australia with huge distances between
of them
so once he starts living in
a city ​​basically alive and working
on that island compared to living and
work in the austral which is not a
a somewhat different concept so for example
I live and work in melbourne
I have not visited it for years now
in other cities as I said before
I had no opportunity to
revisit then realize that when
choose the city ​​actually
you will choose a really precise place
where cities are built so
similar there is the sense month right-handed then
the sit in where all the are
skyscrapers and you the offices and many
companies that operate precisely in the sense
suite of business if then there is a behemoth
of suburbs that extend
just for kilometers and kilometers
these cities are very extensive
especially shit
because there are 4 and a half million
People pretty much all live
in a house on their own a plan
therefore precisely the dispersion of the
city is huge so this applies to
all cities more or less for all
city ​​then realize that I repeat
similar things are much greater
compared to the differences what are the
the difference is the difference
the main climate climate of
melbourne is very different to seed
baseball then it comes to
choose the climate that's right for you and that
then you will find a very hot climate
that those who do not like the warm climate
maybe you will do a lot of work or
with you will find the climate of my book is
very variable so if you do n't like it
which skill you are to meet
problems
the other important issue is precisely the
economic question in the sense of
from the point of view of the GDP
job opportunities melbourne e
sydney 4 and a half million people 4
millions are almost economies
self-sufficient in a sense there
are job opportunities in all
fields more or less depending on the
economic situation while
the smaller electricity they offer
has ris
I don't speak Italian anymore
fatigue due to boom and bust then
in the bubbles for example we talk about
now it's going great because it's there
the mining sector that is
therefore dragging the economy is fine
low unemployment many opportunities
work related to the sector
when if and when this sector
mining will find difficulties and maybe
it will fall down maybe it will no longer be attractive
as it is now so something to be
keep in mind why one
city ​​eg smaller not me
I remember exactly how many people
they live
if I'm not mistaken a million and a half e
so if a single sector is closely linked
will suffer more if when this sector
remember the speech is relatively
not so much for big band though it is
also a little bit towed
not as much from the mining sector ed
It is again a bit smaller
there is more tourism there are others
industries closer to prysmian than that
they also drag it the speech is
a bit different
for what concerns adelaide instead
much more quiet speed than
basically it relies heavily on
more perhaps to the sector than now
of agriculture, etc. etc.
but I repeat a calmer life a
million people around
if you like tranquility then
adelaide is right for you
so this to tell you that in my opinion
all Australian cities are
advisable because they are always all
at the top of the list of those with the
better quality of life
then it is a question of seeing what they are
those that are right for you
and here it depends very much on what then
from the importance you then place on
various on various aspects of quality
so i like melman to someone else
I like and maybe the best climate
best trip can pleasure signs to
example to someone else who prefers
more job opportunities more
dynamics
maybe he can be at destination from
recommend this point to make a
summary of the cities to emigrate to
Australia
then obviously the job issue is
often the one that dictates the choice though
I can assure you that I think all of them
Australian cities can and do offer
excellent quality of life
it is then a question of whether the quality
of Australian life can satisfy
then the Italians because so many Italians
maybe they come here they understand better
what does it mean to live at the Australian e
they realize that it is not exactly
the lifestyle that suits them in
see you soon see you on
italy escape hello hello